yesterday we had a training session to
get ready for the Barcelona game and
then we went to Camp Nou and we toured
it it was really fun and it's a
once-in-a-lifetime experience
right now we are touring Barcelona's
stadium the Nou Camp it is awesome
we are in the press box right now where
all the media comes and watches the game
and it's just awesome we have a nice
food Stadium and getting some good
pictures after that a beautiful tour we
went around today sightseeing went on
top of this mountain in Barcelona this
castle which had a great view of
Barcelona it's very beautiful I think
it's really cool I think it's beautiful
it's just so you could see like the
horizon it'd be really cool to you ever
seen you see a lot of shapes and boxes
so yesterday we went out to walk around
ramblas well it was a nice Street
because there is different things you
don't see over there in the States
there's a mines that like if you put
money inside you would do something nice
for you and there's a shops around the
streets where you buy um not unique
stuff about Barcelona and I think it's
very beautiful because it's a live city
today we play Barcelona of the under 14
boys it's a team I scouted last week
when I visited their training center
they very talented we expect them to
press give us very little time to play
and we believe that if we can get the
ball
we'll have an opportunity to attack
against them but it's going to be a big
challenge so boys should be up for their
nice and nice and loose and and ready to
rumble today's an exciting day because
we're playing on the best team in the
world so we're just telling our life
practice today practicing some tactical
stuff and then they're gonna go out
there and meet them well today I've got
a nice training session just to see how
our team is and I see how we're playing
we're playing very well I believe that
this tonight's games gonna be very well
I'm very competitive
and we're gonna go and show it show
Barcelona how we play
today we went to the Barcelona training
grounds to play Barcelona after all of
our practice and hard work we came out
with a good score
and beat Barcelona 3 to 1 we just
finished the game against Barcelona
really really well played game exciting
technical some really good moments some
really good combinations from both teams
I thought it was an excellent as good at
games you can see for the age group that
I've seen for sure we thought our boys
did very well we created a lot of
chances missed some in the first half
and happened to you know finish a couple
went up went into half to nothing up the
first goal is that the sakes I turned
around had a shot got a rebound back off
the keeper and scored it I was just so
happy just beyond happy just a great
honor to score against Barcelona and
then the second goal was off a free-kick
I got a deflection off of it just good
goal again and then the third goal was
off another deflection I scored it was
just all-around great game
as we're playing Barcelona I realized a
really unique style of play it was just
like how the first team of Boston
players like Chevy and yeste and Messi
play on defense they closed in really
quickly and makes it really hard to play
out of and on when they're attacking
they really switched the bull credibly
fast Barcelona came with what looked
like a more experienced team in the
second half and pressed us a little bit
and they created chances but we also
kept playing and made made them defend
and and at times they you know they had
a hard time with that we had some pace
up top that they couldn't deal with and
our guys played really really well and
committed to possession rather than just
bailing ourselves out by playing the
ball over the top and running so I'm
really pleased for them and I think it's
obviously pretty exciting to be a young
guy who has beaten Barcelona I think
it's it's a special moment for these
guys that were really not before during
the game we played as a team we knocked
it around
we pretty much say we beat him at their
own game and Kevin who three amazing
saves and just we played good and you
know we beat the Spaniards we just
played an all-around good game and
against Barcelona and we came out with
the result and we're happy that our
practice have paid off and we got a
little bit more used to each other today
and it was good